come up in the gun. a lot of motion here, that's team pigments, the movement man, and the pass is caught and that's the first down. so they pick up a third and one and pick up a lot more out to the 46-yard line of Miami that is Hayden Hurst, spotted with the 47 of the dolphins. Quick Pass, left side, nice movement. I mean I think the league is going to fall in love with him and I know his team already has play action, checks it down underneath Hearst again and he gets tackled. a couple of yards shy. the first down and the flag comes in on the ground again. Nixon, and Nixon, on his feet, takes it all the way in itially around the three and just kept on Moving On Target, that's Hill, Tyreek Hill, biggest trade of the off-season. Kansas City to Miami for a ton of draft choices. Jesse Bates makes the tackle to gain it. Hill, taken out of the game last week by the Jets, picked up only two catches and meanwhile they go to Jalen Waddle and two a throws to the end zone and it's juggled and incomplete 23-yard attempt and they go down the field. but that was crazy. P Ryan is now in the backfield. swing him out, throw it to him and he drops it. incomplete coverage was good anyway. that was Jerome Baker, step for step with him. it's Fourth Down and 13 at the 10-yard line hangs in the pocket, passes right there after those two Dreadful years and putting him in a scheme where he feels comfortable going deep down field into double coverage and should be picked off at the 29-yard line. Von Bell was there, the coverage was perfect. they tried to get at the hill. that didn't fool the Bengals and they come away with the interceptions. play action Under Pressure, gets it away. caught has the first down, comes back and now Wilcox, after backing up, picks up the first down in the pocket Under Pressure, takes off again and it'll stop a little bit short of the first down. Nixon in, they'll go for it on a fourth down and one little toss to Joe to the outside. he goes and he will not get it. yes, that was so tough. he sent him to Alabama instead of Usc where two or wanted to go. that's right. second, at 11 that pass. over the middle there is Hill. Tua empties the backfield, four-man Rush Fires downfield for Hill and he can't one-handed. but a flag comes into Wuzier pass interference Defense number 22. third and ten deep drop. Lewis scrambles away, goes for the end zone and incomplete, and tell a hundred percent. and how different it is with the energy and the belief and he loves to have fun. third and five to the outside. that passes short and incomplete. his ability to make adjustments at halftime to a rolling left with the grain and down he goes, slung, that Bridgewater fires and that's going to be close to him trying to give the Dolphins the lead way. short might have been. Pearl is eight of 15, barely over 50 percent. goes deep down the left sideline and that's caught. that's T Higgins to the end zone. so the crowd was growing impatient. the next thing, you know, you got a 59-yard touchdown over Xavian Howard's head for the Dolphins. they've already used a couple in the first quarter and that pass is caught and there he goes. that is waddled a little fakery. pass gotten away and from the seven pass admins can he get in, he spins and he can touchdown Chase Edmonds. so they had the sure field goal but went for it for the extra point and just oh, hits the upright and bounced back from the 36 borrow good protection, slinging to the outside. he had the long pass, 59 yards for a touchdown to Higgins. that matchup is back up at the top again and it's time. with a flag down. third down and four. Bridgewater steps up in the pocket goes a little bit high and because of that having to wait for it. yeah, borrow protected well and that's caught in a lot of traffic. six and a half left in the third downfield over the head of an incomplete off the fake pass over the middle is pulled into the 30-yard line. four caches, 55 yards. Bridgewater airing it out deep down field and that is caught on the rebound by Hill. Bridgewater Survey spins away, extends the play, throws and it's incomplete. to miss an extra point earlier. pitch this one through. final minute of the Third swing it out here. play is alive. throw caught, 45 yard line. Tyler Boyd, She's Bengal receivers. Keon Crossing in his spot right now. borough has time. burrow goes deep, got a man. it is bullied inches away. third down and goal action again, no, and three minutes into the fourth quarter, back started his career by beating Bill Belichick and New England and stuffed in the backfield my two seconds worth one second and ten Al wide open, 45. this set. second down and ten. borrow, good protection, again finds the open spot inside. third down and 13 now makes a field goal attempt if they don't pick up the yard here a lot longer and that's struck Pearson, who had a tremendous rookie season, hits it would have been good from 64 regular in postseason to the crowd, completely into it now. from the 23 yard line they start with a mostered run. Raheem Mostert out near Midfield to the outside, it's around the corner, second down and ten pressure from the outside picked off at the nine yard line. Von Bell, his second of the game, and the run back is into Miami territory all the way to the 45-yard line. the five-yard line instead of a first down to goal. beats him into line of scrimmage, remember you got back up Corners in Cross and never had a chance inside move. then Works back to the off the peak wide open for the touchdown. Hayden Hurst to tight ends. Bridgewater, pressured again, throws Mostert trying to pick up the extra yardage and can't get it and about stays in. clock keeps Rolling. Burrow has guided his team to a two and two start. Teddy Bridgewater, of course we'll see about two of them and what happens to him down the line.