hey, hey, what's good. it's Coco and I'm about to go Loco. your team ain't coming up. I got him in a Choco and, yeah, it's really not fair. you dress like a peacock, but this ain't, Belaire, Josh, been a hell of an episode, but right now the game could go either way, cause it's time for the bonus round and it's called the wow freestyle rapping. but here on wild and out, we focus on them jokes. so each punch line is gonna be one point added to your total score. new school, old school, let's, do we do Dj D Red drop the beat. all right, ready. I may be a tick talker, but I still made it here, Nick. I made one song and got more listeners than you do in 20 years. Nick runs up the bag to pay his kids dentist walk around with a Q-tip for them. dirty airs. oft you said you hate him so much. I don't know why he showed up and his laces like Popeye's biscuits because he got them choked up. Hey, listen, hey, boy, you know you dead ass wrong for being up here with them kicks on the way, them shoes. look, you must stop your car like a Flintstone. before you said that I was going to say something that was true. we supposed to give to the homeless. looks like they give to you. Yo, Old School who, running with Nick, I hope you know my temperature is 106. such a kid. I always kept the Whip and, like the third little piggy, I just jumped in the Creek. you wanna be great. my temperature, 108. a big dog in his yard. do not jump on a gate, let me find out. Dc wanted one to his face and his twin sister too. Bob want your face. yeah, okay, so you want it in? fine, well, guess what? my temperature on 109. and yeah, get a nine in it. you, an ATL boy, I lean with it, then I rock with it. we had it again. my temperature, 110. Halloween, Holla, then I'm a hollow with friends. he's bodied again. they knowing that we come in to win the way we killing those who the Lord said it's a sin. 112, I'll skip 11. 50 straight to hell. tamn, I don't know what happened. Man, Yo, the old school took that would make some noise for the old school. y'all come and my man, yeah, classic episode. a lot out here is because we got one of the Queens in the building, had a stock as y'all give it up for over there and we got an Og, a legend in the building, the one and only special ed over there on Old School. you know what it is. it's time for the bonus round and it's called up and freestyle comedy and freestyle rapping. so we focus on them. jokes, and each punch line is one point added to your total score. I need the new school to step up. drop the beat. feelings so significant doing this. all smoke cigarettes. we gonna wanna get it in. I'm so gifted man and Hannah, you could be the number one fan. get a membership, all right. all right, DJ, put the beat. you better watch what you say and give me some space before I Chris Rock you and leave some fresh prince on your face. oh, I have something for you and you might be confused. oh, here it is, condoms, something you never use it. she came up in here spitting ripping and hair props too. hell yeah, I use the. if I could use them with you. I know short jokes are very mean, but let's be real. what's a pawn to a queen's a little? after this, this is gonna be the biggest meme. so I'm about to switch teams. wait a minute, wait a minute. but no, no, take your ass back over there when white girls talk, I don't hear nothing they saying and looking at you in the face, you look like Shawn Wayans. I hope that you get this. you can only play Both Sides because of your white privilege. I know you got the beat, but they call you Big Mac because you are what you eat. hey, I am what I eat. that is true. I eat a lot of, but I won't eat you. look, Nick, I'm tired of the gossip. if you cook your heels three times, you'll be back in the projects. look at them, boots, days, them joints that started to beat between Russia and the Ukraine, Hi guys. and you know you like crisscross, but you got wrist. watch, everybody know I'm about to have you stuck. you could be crisscrossed, but your fat ass kid jump. oh man, don't go nowhere. Nick, I could tell you getting old. you got no shirt in the coat. you had a cold. yo, yo, I like what you did. am I hot? are you cold? but you so confused we don't know. are you young or you old? wait a minute, hold on, let's go one more again. I know he's special man, but so is your team. if y'all think y'all gonna win, but you like three feet four, you need to go out the door and come back and try again. bring your men, bring anybody you want. we can do this again and again and again and again. first of all, special ed, I love your song, but you, the sixth member, nothing bone, and do, the eighth member, fat bone, and I told your mother backbone, especially when I came back home. I shoot this one and act on your hat, though, and then I put your back on. watch your mouth, you know. put your mask on. you saw the whole thing. Yo, Hannah, you did your thing, but I gotta give it to the old school. Make some noise for old school. yo, old school, Hannah, you can come back anytime you want. we stay lit for season 17 now, I mean, and we getting it in Old School versus new school and all the old school over there. y'all, make some noise for Sierra Gate. she ready to get to it? what's up? dropping Mike, my other interceptors from Brooklyn, so I'm about to let it rap, or is it real? real? well, you know what she right. it's time for that bonus round and it's called Doug, all the way ready, and we bout to get to it here at wild 'n out. we focus on them jokes when we freestyle rapping. so each point gonna be one point added to you total score there it is d-rec and they fighting for that million dollar comedy chain right there that Erica hold on to y'all see it. give me that. I need that. I need that to go with the rest of my Jewels, Boo-Boo. come on, give me that. old school step up. new school, Step Up. Sierra, you gonna kick this thing off, since you already jumping the gun direct. drop the beat. um, you're a dog in a turban. all you do is Chase Cat, post it up at Autumn baby showers and you still can't rap. it's all cap. I don't know what one has to do with the other new school. so I got the waves, let go determine. I got my gauge and I'ma blast you, then I'ma Smash you and then I'm gonna come through. it's something brand new, cause, uh, do that fun. I'm not that convict. I'm not this kind artist. I keep spitting off the top like this and I'll mop your whole crew up, cause I'm nice like this. uh-huh, kindly removed the instrumental, please, please, yo. this redhead needs to leave the stage. it only hit the diseases. her DNA is rearranged. the only thing that spreads quicker than covid-19 is Justina's legs. hold on. I'm mad because with this white man, I expect the Hayden he wouldn't give me a high five just to say that he left me hanging. you never wore a condom in your life. I know it hurts your pride. your girl acts how you like your eggs. and you said fertilized Khan, you thought that it was hot, but I brush it off my shoulder. all that you kicking still keep my composure. I'm fly when I'm posing, kind of like you and you modeling for fashion. Nova, hold on, hold on. I don't know, that was a long time ago. all right, Maddie, I didn't want to say this but I don't have a choice. your ass is even flatter than the tone of my voice. and, Sharon, you're from Canada and I like your sports G. that's why your girl and I played Tonsil Hockey. and Nick, look, I know you're making lots of bucks. I'm glad you got glasses so even you can see your music sucks. it's obvious. the old school one that will make some noise for the old school y'all, the amazing noise, because Sierra Gates bring me that boo-boo. y'all already know Money Team, money monsters, we got the queen of the true score in the building. y'all make some noise for the Legend, Yo, Yo. and then, of course, he home, he here to celebrate. we celebrate him. the one and only Bobby Shmurder. and we about to turn it up right now, and we're gonna play this game. y'all loving this car. kick him out the classroom. y'all know how to get kicked out of the classroom. we freestyle rapping up here, but if you don't rhyme, if you say the same word, if you mess up the Rhyme scheme, you get your ass kicked up out of classroom. now, at the end of the game, the team with the most classmates still in class wins the game. simple as that. I'm ready in the classroom. in the classroom, hey, what we doing in the classroom? yo, Bobby, Home in the classroom. yo, I'm all alone in the classroom. I'm getting dome in the classroom. I like the toes in the classroom. you see him on my throne in the classroom. girl, you really is a clone in the classroom. hey, I'm still a legend in the classroom. perpendicular in the classroom. I wish it was thicker up in the classroom. okay, I'll just be flipping you in the classroom. caught me, Mr up in the classroom. I'm real particular hell. no, that ain't the world. I hit my dance in the classroom. I'm feeding Cookie in the classroom. I'm feeding Chucky in the classroom. hey, sucky, sucky in the classroom. they getting lucky in the classroom. learn how to use your rubber duckies in the classroom. tamn Pockets full of monkeys in the classroom. my stuff is feeling both of you in the classroom. I Wan na, Know You Wan na. I like geometry in the classroom. well, I like how you iron me in the classroom. I'm all about much money in the classroom classroom. there it is. Yo, that was a classic game. uh, kick him out the classroom. DJ d-wreck, who won the old school, got more students kicked out the classroom, so the new school wins. Make some noise for the new school. Bobby Shmurda came to play. we got a superstar in the building. y'all keep it going for Coco Jones. it's been an amazing episode and right now the game could go either way, cause it's time for the bonus round and it's called the wow stop. oh yeah, freestyle rap over here, while I know we focus on them jokes. so each punch line is one point added to your total score. so, uh, Coco, you can get that comedy championship belt right there. you can take that back to Bel Air with you. here he is. period. new school Step Up. old school Step Up. djd. rap for Pete Tamn. Oh, Coco Jones, you know I'm a fan and Imma Stay real bad cause. I'm a respectful man and I'm a respect all my queens and I'm a Dick. back and let Hitman do his thing, go killing me. I'm a president-like bill. that's why I'm looking for Hillary. Hey, Santoine, that's a No-No. I'm OT Genesis. I'm in love with the Coco. Hey, Hey, hey, what's good, it's Coco and I'm about to go Loco. your team Ain't coming up with I got him in a Choco and, yeah, it's really not fair. you dress like a peacock, but this ain't Belaire. wow, style, I never leave. I asked him why his stomach was so swollen. he said he got stung by some Applebee's. he walked in the preached it. they said, I like this guy. we could give him a job as a private eye. try me, sucker. I could tell your favorite R B group is the Isley Brothers. come inside, you ready, you ready. here, listen, won't be no stroking. I'd rather use. that was it. that was it what? we may as well cut the beat. Hey, Yo, Santoine, we all know you the type to go and give your man top you be holding so much. I bet your favorite movie is Hancock and just hilarious. you now just got your booty done. before it was only flat jeans. now your ass got two shots like the covet vaccine and you with all this fake weave. somebody tell this kid too. it's ironic that you Jewish but none of your hair is real. hold up, hey, hey bro. he wants to be a rapper, but this guy is doomed. The Game Ain't Easy for a blind dude, because he can't even upload his music on Itunes. your lives ruined. you won't have a wedding and you won't find a bride too, because you could never find a woman to say I do. and now, and Nick, you got so many baby moms. it's still crazy, makes sense. we're in Atlanta because the amount of kids he has is ludicrous and in the near future he'll have another little baby. yo, DJ d-rex. who won? man, I gotta get into the new school, Make some noise. got Ta bow down to him.