Booster Course Wave 3 for Mario Kart 8  
Deluxe is here, and we’re checking out 
All Changes and differences made for  
the returning courses. The second race of the 
Moon Cup is DS Peach Gardens. Yep, it’s time  
for my course. [Princess Peach: Yay!] Most likely 
inspired by European estates, this track features  
a walled garden with a mansion similar to Peach’s 
Castle, numerous topiaries, and other floral  
decorations, all guarded by Chomps that patrol 
the grounds. So how does the most recent update  
differ from past instalments? Let’s find out!
Evoking thoughts of the Palace of Versailles in  
France or Villa Lante in Italy, Peach 
Gardens in Mario Kart DS seemed most  
appropriate for a retreat or wedding, but it 
was quite simple in design. Enlarged a bit,  
the course returned for Wii, with the start 
pushed ahead and shortcut ramps placed near the  
end. During the wait for another revision, a golf 
course with the same name appeared in Mario Golf:  
World Tour as a nod to this track, taking place on 
Peach’s Castle grounds with a lot of pink, hearts,  
and various topiaries of the Super Mario cast. 
Recently, the course received a huge graphical  
overhaul for Tour reflecting the Wave 3 teaser, 
adding refined decorations—including character  
topiaries—and a Big Piranha Plant. Now, it 
features a surprise detour in the final lap,  
utilising the unused part of the original map 
for a trip around the course in reverse.
 
Many of the gameplay changes involve the 
Chomps. Compared to their DS appearance,  
these loose-chained menaces moved more slowly. 
Chomps sped up again in Tour, but they silently  
rolled without loose chains or items trailing 
them. The Chomp by the Mario topiary went in the  
opposite direction, with two Dash Panels placed 
along the back route only for that version. They  
once again go slow, bark, and have chains—but no 
items—and the lone Chomp travels clockwise like  
before. New barriers block the back route, but the 
Chomp can hop straight over them. Another thing  
to note here is that since Tour, there have been 
bricks lining the moat with grass, but only now  
can racers drive along them. Unfortunately, 
invisible walls prevent going too far.
 
The first flower patch shortcut was made smaller 
for Tour, but it now is very similar to its  
original size again. Simultaneously, other 
flowerbeds before the maze were removed and  
another one put in the corner, while a grassy 
patch was added on the opposite side with a  
garden bench placed at an angle that even the 
mini-map reflected. Now there’s a garden table  
and chairs also, with the spot in front of the 
bench considered to be out of bounds. Since Tour,  
it’s been possible to trick off the top of the 
slopes leading into and out of the maze area.  
This portion of the course has had fewer squares 
dividing the path compared to DS and Wii—large for  
topiaries and small for everything else. The maze 
has been longer since the makeover, with grassy  
lining that could slow down drivers and a space 
between each cut-off fence and shortened hedge at  
the end that now leads out of bounds. Like before 
the maze, the flowerbeds in the area after it were  
rearranged similarly to its counterpart for 
the Tour update, opting for a table-and-chair  
set on the grass. Moving forward, a Big Piranha 
Plant in a green pipe that targets racers from  
the middle of a raised platform replaces the 
3 hedges in the circular area. Watch out!
 
At the S-curve path, ramps were added for the Wii 
version, adjusting trees to fit. The right ramp  
was removed in Tour, but more importantly, the 
bends were flipped! Furthermore, the foreground  
cypresses were rearranged and the flowerbeds 
adjusted with kerbs blocking them off partially,  
while the fencing was made to follow the path 
a little more. New flower bushes were added in  
bounds, but all of these are gone now. The left 
ramp also was taken out, but a table and chair  
set and an aqua bench were put here instead. 
And behind the bench is another way to get  
out of bounds. The Monty Moles burrow across the 
path for this version, and their burrows can be  
used to perform tricks, much like the stationary 
burrows in Tour before. Heading to the mansion,  
pink hyacinths in planters were added to each 
side of the double doors for the makeover. And  
the steps in front allow for tricks for both 
Tour and the recent update. Oh yeah; that grass  
along the fence just ahead that we forgot to 
mention may slow racers a bit if touched.
 
For the Final Lap, a radical route change starts 
where the flowerbed shortcut is, guiding drivers  
down the previously inaccessible path onto the 
other side of the mansion walkway. Two ramps  
are placed here, allowing for a jump back to the 
doors to race along the course in reverse. Just  
before the maze is a Glide Ramp for a flight over 
and around the topiaries and Chomps, much like  
Peach Gardens R in Tour. Drivers can pass through 
the topiaries, but at the risk of slowing down a  
lot. We didn’t see this route change coming!
As for visual changes beyond the obvious texture  
and lighting improvements, there are enough 
to make our heads spin. Speaking of spinning,  
the mini-map has been rotated 180 degrees ever 
since Wii. The entire environment here as a whole  
had numerous adjustments made, like how the lawn 
stripes were offset a bit in Wii and all separate  
orange and yellow flower patches were made into 
orange, yellow, and white blended beds, while  
flowering bushes were increased and rearranged, 
turning from red and orange...to—again—orange,  
yellow, and white. But with Tour’s renovation, 
the stripes and patches amidst them were replaced  
with the presence of two beautiful gazebos 
surrounded by lovely heart lawn patterns,  
with the fewer bushes moved, sporting pink 
and white flowers. Also in Tour, the outer  
wall enclosing the gardens went from being level 
with only minor tweaks between DS and Wii to being  
reconstructed with crenellations and two types of 
towers, being taller overall. These modifications  
also either covered or removed the trees on the 
other side, but large cypresses were placed around  
the perimeter to fill their aesthetic role, along 
with a curious thin line of grass. The distant  
hills were made taller with fewer of them, and the 
clouds above became thicker and no longer moved  
from high winds. This may also explain why the 
Sun did not return since its appearance in Wii.  
And yet it looks brighter now, with thinned-out 
clouds—behind uniformly striped hills—that also  
don’t blow in the wind, but for some reason, the 
flags atop the towers with darkened star bands  
and shingles do! Make sense of that!
Finally looking at the starting line,  
we see that after being pushed forward in the Wii 
version, it went from having 17 squares across to  
20. The related trellis with the classic logo also 
was adjusted, removing a set of trees after being  
pushed back to align with the starting line. Using 
two shades of pink, Tour reset the square count  
to the original 17 and rebuilt the trellis with 
red and pink rose accents, a pink modern logo,  
and Peach’s crown on top. The fencing changed from 
edging hoops to a ranch style, while the trees  
here became distinctly tiered rather than just 
striped. But now, the starting line has only 16  
squares across, and the trees were repositioned, 
with all tiered trees becoming medium cypresses.  
Likewise, the rose count and placements for the 
trellis and decorations everywhere differ from  
before, and only red roses are seen here.
Approaching the Mario topiary in Wii,  
the cobblestone pattern went from an angular 
design to a random type. For Tour’s update,  
the stones were flattened, but much more important 
here was the smoothing of the Super Mario 64-style  
Mario topiary, which arguably wasn’t much of an 
improvement yet. The base became segmented, with  
tulips planted along each divider, and the brown 
bricks underneath were made white, with those  
lining the moat also given a bit of an overhanging 
lip. All around here, the flowering hedges were  
made bare and put in planters, separated by rose 
pedestals. These and all rose pedestals contain  
only red roses, now. The clear water reveals 
a raised basin under the bridges. Meanwhile,  
the random cobblestone has been replaced with 
a fancier fanned cobblestone—our favourite. The  
tulip colours differ from before, and poppies fill 
the green around the much more refined topiary.
 
Just after the second bridge, an arrow sign 
that was in DS and Wii was removed for Tour.  
One tree on each side of this path was pulled 
out, and those that remained became tiered with  
tulip-filled tree rings around them. The flowers 
in the patch were switched out with a clustered  
type associated with Tour. And brick trim was 
placed around this patch and flowerbeds like it,  
as well as much of the path going forward. At 
the same time, five fountains were installed  
along the outer path, with one by a floral cut in 
the hedging with more cuts around the hedge square  
encompassing the sector. The height of the hedging 
itself was reduced greatly from before. The arrow  
signs on the hedge just before the incline and in 
the flower patch were taken out, but two new arrow  
signs were added by one of the fountains. Both of 
these have since been removed, leaving no arrow  
signs in the area. Hedges are darker now and level 
with the fence, with grass lining them. Flowers in  
the patch now contain red and yellow poppies with 
butterflies floating above, while white gerbera  
daisies can be found blended with the tulips in 
the tree rings. The fountain where the floral cut  
used to be was removed for the new path opening, 
and all other cuts are just green accents now.
 
On the incline, the flowering hedges from DS and 
Wii were replaced in Tour by flowering bushes and  
three trellises with varied rose arrangements, 
all capped with rose pedestals. In the small  
area ahead, the flowerbed contained the same 
flowers as the previous patch, and the grassy  
spot included wildflowers, just for show. The 
hedges that enclosed this sector were swapped  
out with pink rose hedges and medium cypress trees 
atop fixed terra cotta planters. A blue and white  
arrow balloon substituted the arrow sign from 
before. This didn’t return for the Switch update,  
but an arrow sign was put in the hedge instead, 
with the terra cotta now bricks and the  
wildflowers in the grass removed entirely.
The trellis at the slope was switched to a  
different style in Tour than the earlier triad, 
marking the entrance to the maze. Here, four  
remarkable topiaries decorated the large area: 
Princess Peach at the start, Luigi at the far end,  
and both Toad and Toadette to the sides, all 
surrounded by tall red rose bushes. All other  
squares contained fountains with pink rose bushes. 
These were just duplicate flowering bushes before.  
The surrounding hedges became wavy with spherical 
accents and rose pedestals positioned at the ends,  
while large cypresses were planted to mirror 
the others along the garden limits. Tour also  
put two arrow signs pointing towards the maze 
exit, but both are gone now. This spot is so  
much more attractive than it was before Tour!
Moving towards the next area, a distinct lip on  
the foundation could be seen that was added in 
Tour, and the trellis style is the same style  
as the previous. The same applies to the entire 
arrangement at the top, which is similar to the  
spot before the maze. Originally and for Wii, 
arrow signs could be found in the flowers and  
on the hedge, but Tour took them out in favour 
of a yellow and orange arrow balloon. Now, a lone  
arrow sign rests on the hedge instead. The row 
of trellises and rose bushes from earlier could  
be found here on the decline, starting with Tour. 
Once reaching the bottom in DS and Wii, there was  
not much to see amidst the flowering bushes. Since 
Tour, this entire spot was redesigned to have rose  
bushes and moat cobblestone around the Big Piranha 
Plant, as well as medium cypresses, fountains,  
rose hedges, and rose pedestals on kerbs along 
the outer banks, all beautifying the spot.
 
There was a clean separation when 
crossing onto the winding path in DS,  
but this transition was made smooth for Wii. Also 
at that point, white flower clusters were planted  
out of bounds near here. These were removed with 
the Tour update, but pink hyacinths, along with  
white and yellow flowers, lined the flowerbeds 
that now are filled with gerberas and poppies.  
With the revamp in Tour, no transition could be 
seen anymore, since the dirt road was the same,  
only having a darker shade along the edges. The 
stylised ivory ramp from before was made into  
Tour’s standard, which was kind of a shame. Also, 
a tiered tree was positioned behind the fence  
with all other cypresses here made into this 
type, while small cypresses lined the mansion  
front. At the same time, the only arrow sign found 
around here vanished, never to be seen again.
 
Well, looking at the mansion here when it was 
founded, we can see that the window framing,  
doorway, moulding, and even stairs became modelled 
instead of being textures when remade for the Wii.  
And like the start of the winding path, the 
transition onto the walkway was smoothed out.  
When Tour made modifications, the transition was 
distinct again, and the brown bricks at the edge  
were made white like the start of the course. The 
edging hoops above were made into Victorian-style  
railing, complementing the architecture well. 
Speaking of which, the wings of the building  
were extended and the entire exterior was 
given different recesses, jutting faces,  
and accents with polychrome brickwork. The windows 
were altered from having both standard cross and  
arched styles to a redesigned arched type only, 
but the central section was given both taller and  
shorter varieties. The roof was flattened on 
top, and the eaves were made darker than the  
other tiles with a scalloped shape. Meanwhile, the 
square brick pillars were rounded out with rims  
darker only for Tour, with the step railing ending 
at the base of each. These encased the portico,  
where recesses were added to its ceiling. The 
doorway changed to having glass, a glass frame,  
and a transom. And the brick barrier with an arrow 
sign was replaced with two arrow signs and nothing  
else, allowing a decent glimpse of the other side. 
Most of this was kept for the latest version,  
but the brickwork all was switched to a uniform 
cream, while the trimming keystone for each window  
was removed entirely. The terra cotta planters 
with hyacinths were altered to be brick planters  
with three poppy varieties inside. And lastly 
for this area, the arrow signs were pulled,  
leaving a view of the back side of the ramp 
with the arrow field above. Almost done!
 
In the first iteration of the course, long before 
the new route was made official, three cypresses  
on each side of an unreachable straight path 
could be seen. In Tour, these trees were removed,  
but the path stayed, still blocked off. Now, 
the path is wavy rather than straight, and every  
element not a garden’s edge cypress or part of the 
architecture is new, including the fencing, hedge,  
benches, and MKTV van. Even three of the axed 
cypresses on the left side returned. Love it.
 
Much like the European influences in the 
design of the course, the music matches  
well with a style similar to the French valse 
musette or an Italian waltz with accordion  
and mandolin throughout, as well as a bit of 
tropical sound befitting a vacation spot...
 
How charming! The Wii and Tour versions are 
roughly the same, only with added reverb,  
cleaner mixing, and overall higher fidelity. 
But unexpectedly, this theme returned in remixed  
form for Peach Gardens in Mario Golf: World 
Tour, featuring jazzy syncopation in Mario  
Golf soundtrack fashion, capturing the spring 
atmosphere on the royal castle grounds. Nice.
 
The update puts great emphasis on 
the elegance of the locale, using the  
classic instrumentation but also introducing a 
graceful violin with delicate harp accents...
 
In the words of Princess Peach herself: 
[Princess Peach: It’s just lovely!]
 
And that’s about it for All Changes we found 
in DS Peach Gardens! It’s a visually stunning  
update that at first doesn’t veer too 
far away from its original gameplay,  
but the final lap mixes things up in a great way, 
making this course one of the biggest surprises  
of the set. But what do you think? Have you found 
any notable changes that we missed? Let us know in  
the comments below. And of course, stay tuned to 
GameXplain for more on Booster Course Wave 3 for  
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, and other things Nintendo, 
too. Thanks for watching! Until next time, ciao!
