why social media marketing doesn't work for most people. it doesn't matter if it is Facebook or Instagram or Linkedin or even Twitter. social media marketing just doesn't work, at least for most people. and no, it's not because you don't have enough followers. instead, it doesn't work because you only focus on getting more followers. see, that's the issue. let's say you want a million followers. if you want lots of followers, you have to create content that appeals to the masses. for example, I'm in digital marketing. that's a vertical I'm in. I own a digital marketing agency called NP Digital and I can start to create more generic content and my follower account will rise faster, which is funny because that's what my social media team keeps telling me to do. but I don't why. because, yes, it'll get us more followers faster, but every time we do that, you can guess how many more clients we get, or even leads. it gets us a whopping zero extra leads, clients and revenue, and I've tested this out hundreds of times. literally some of my most popular content pieces I've created have been around livestock marketing, such as spending money on fancy clothes or what I learned from flying first class on over 100 trips. and I'm not saying you should fly first class. there's nothing wrong with economy. it creates buzz, but it doesn't convince our ideal customers to work with us. on the flip side, if I give SEO tips or marketing tips, you know what happens, I get way less views. I get way less likes on my content, but people who watch my content are interested in SEO and a proportion of those. people eventually convert into leads and some even into customers. in other words, yes, you need followers to make social media marketing work for you and, of course, you need great content, but the big mistake that people make is that they create content that focuses on the masses so they can boost this vanity metric aka follower account, instead of focusing on creating content that targets their ideal customer. so, with your social media marketing, focus on your ideal customer and not on everyone. that's how you make it work. if you're struggling with your social media marketing and need help, check out my ad agency, Np Digital, where we help companies grow their social following and, more importantly, generate leads, sales and revenue from their social media accounts. or if you just have any questions, leave a comment below. I'm here to help. if you enjoyed the video, like it, share it, tell the people about it. thank you for watching.