Jokic, the reigning MVP. he claimed 62 of the 100 first place votes in the third and final iteration of ESPN's MVP straw poll, jumping way ahead, I think it's fair to say, of Joel Embiid with 29 first place votes, and then Giannis Antetokounmpo with nine votes. and just a reminder, in this straw poll, our ESPN reporter, Tim Bontemps. he simulates the MVP voting so he asks 100 media members for their top five MVP candidates. so in addition to that straw poll, Caesars Sportsbook has just adjusted the NBA MVP odds to make Nikola Jokic and Joel Embiid co-favorite. so it had been Embiid, remember, given all of this, and I would be remiss not to say that adjustment was made after this straw poll came out. so I want to do a little straw poll NBA today style and make the case for the other guys. we talk a lot about Jokic, we talk a lot about Joel Embiid. so if they finish strong and just so viewers know the group test text it was popping off with who's going to make the case for whom. but, perk, I want to start with you and an upset. you wanted to make the case for Giannis. go ahead, I do. I do because I feel like We're getting bored with Giannis and his dominance right. this is a guy that's averaging 29, 11 and six, almost seven, assists. and when we look at Giannis, yes, he has Jrue Holiday, and Khris Middleton, which makes it even more impressive because he's able to go get those numbers when he has, when he still have two all-star caliber players playing alongside of him, and I think we're taking him for granted, like we did Lebron James when he was making those runs in the Eastern Conference and he could have won multiple MVPs. it's the same case for Giannis. the Bucks are still at the one of the best teams in the Eastern Conference and they have been flying under the radar, and Giannis has gotten better. all right. so I said this was an upset and that's because you didn't choose Ja Morant. Chanea, Guma, Kay did. so what is Ja’s case to win MVP today? if We're talking about players that have gotten better, I feel like Ja Morant has to be at the top of the list, especially since we said, oh, he's too good to graduate from most improved Mr Perk. we've got to put him in most valuable player conversation. this guy, you remember I got the receipts, 27 and eight so far this season, about seven or eight points more improved from seasons past. and just look at the Grizzlies. what are they? 53 and 23 on the season, the second best record in the NBA. sometimes you get a shooting star right, so many stars are out there, but you get a shooting star in an astronomical type of season for the Grizz where we did not see that happening or we did not expect that as much. that's what Ja has done. he's galvanized this group. he's had a dominant season and I feel like he could steal some MVP votes all right easily. well, listen up, Suns fans, because JJ is about to make the case for Mr Devin Booker to be MVP. I like this. go ahead, JJ. Mm the easy answer here is he's the leading scorer on the best team, but it's really really much deeper than that. he's the 10th player to average at least 25, 5 and 5 on a team with a winning percentage of 800 or better. eight of those previous nine players have one MVP. we talk all the time about his clutch time performance. the suns are 24 and five. in clutch games that he plays, he's shooting 57 percent from the field and 41 percent from three in clutch time. and perhaps most importantly, everybody thought the suns were going to fall off when CP got hurt. he went for 28, 5 and 7 and led the suns to an 8-3 record. perk makes fun of me all the time because I'm an analytics guy, but I'm also an eye test guy and my eyes are telling me he's a deserving MVP. all right, Cheney, you're the queen of all right, I'm gonna give multiple players. they're flowers here so. I want to do it for all players. but you know, so who else you got? I've got Jayson Tatum, because a lot of times after, thank you, all star break, we see people miss the celtics, we see people really solidify their cases for awards and Jayson Tatum might he have been following? I mean 33 points per game, second in NBA scoring this month of March, and also the Celtics have been surging. it's not easy to revive a franchise that had great expectations mid-season with a first-year coach, and he's really emerged as that quintessential leader for Boston, and so I love to see his development. I love to see, we see, these numbers, but now you're seeing him career highs and points and rebounds and assists. he deserves to be in the conversation as well. all right, so we've hit on Jayson Tatum, we've hit on Ja Morant, we've hit on Devin Booker, obviously Giannis Jokic, Joel Embiid, but what about Luca Doncic? and for me this is the three prong reason as to why he should be in the MVP conversation. number one, he does it all. Luca is the only player in the league right now to average 25, 8 and 8. number two, he carries this team and this is what we talk about with Nikola Jokic. this is what we talked about with Joel Embiid when he didn't have Ben Simmons. he is second in the NBA in usage rate. that's behind only Joel Embiid. and reason number three, he impacts winning when he is on the court. the mavs win 66 percent of their games. if you take him off of the floor, it is just not the same team. so, because he's able to put this team on his back, I know that the mavericks, they still have something to prove in the postseason. this is a regular season award and Luca Doncic is absolutely deserving of being in that conversation. what do you think, Janae? oh, I agree. I just love them. I feel like we Oprah today. you get a MVP, you get a MVP you get a MVP. I think there are a number of deserving candidates. it's going to be really interesting to see how those votes oscillate. you know, down the stretch, go ahead, perk you. you know what I find. you know what I find crazy is that when we look at the MVP conversation right now and we look at all the MVP candidates and the guys that's supposed to be in the conversation that we consider to be in the conversation, guess what? they're international players, and I remember this summer I said something about international players are taking over the game of basketball, and one of the form current players in Draymond Green has something to say to me. but when you look at the guys who have won the MVPs over the last three years, they've been international players, Giannis, Giannis, Jokic. when you look at guys that have won the defensive player of the year award, it has been Giannis and Rudy Gobert. so to me, when I look at this and we think about Jokic, we think about Embiid, we think about Giannis, we think about Luca. those are four of the top seven guys in the NBA that are international players that we actually could make a case for winning the MVP. so when I talk about things like this and I say things like that at the moment, people think that I'm crazy. but no, it's really right, here in front of your face, that the international players are actually taking over the game of basketball. thank you for watching ESPN on YouTube. for live streaming sports and premium content, subscribe to ESPN Plus.