let's ask Newt Gingrich, former House Speaker, Fox News contributor, author of Defeating Big Government Socialism, Saving America's Future. Newt, you wrote a great piece on the website about this whole story. I mean, did they do too little talking about big government socialism, or just now is a great opportunity to clarify it and kind of lock it in what you thinking? well, I think if they did too little, it was of offering the kind of specific positive program. Uh, Kevin McCarthy had developed a commitment to America, but I think that a lot of the members didn't know how to go out and use it as effectively as it could have been the very first section of it’s on economic growth it has all the basic ideas that you helped develop with Reagan that have been sort of the center of the Republican parties program ever since. and I think frankly, uh, we got a little too much into being anti-biden and not enough into being pro prosperity, mm-hmm and I think that that slowed down the momentum. but I also tell you, Larry, um, we got four or five million more votes than the Democrats. uh, and I think a lot of the analysis is sort of shooting from the hip without looking at in detail. we did far better with women than we did in 2018. we continued to increase our strength among Hispanics, which has been going up every single election. uh, we began to increase our strength among African Americans. we had a big jump in our support among Asian Americans. so there was a lot there that to look at, and, you know, I got intrigued because, uh, when I was in the house as a minority member, the Democrat majorities were so big it never occurred to me to check and see about very narrow margins, but it when Kevin McCarthy becomes speaker, and I think that it'll be announced today or tomorrow, though he's crossed the 218 vote threshold. um, there have been seven congresses since 1917 where the margin is, you know, 220, 221, 222. it's. it's a much more common uh in the past than I thought it would be. he's got to start, I think, on the one front, with serious investigations, because the American people have a right to know things. on the other front, he's got to start, and he's already promised that their first vote would be to eliminate the 87 000 Internal Revenue Service agents, and I think that's a pretty good initial test for where we're going. uh, remember, the House Republicans gained seats in 20 while losing the presidency. they gained seats this year. they're in position, I think, to continue to grow that majority and to set the stage for 24. I'll just say quickly, this is like a situation in chess where what you want to do is set up a series of forks where, whichever thing your opponent does, they lose something. so they bring up the right legislation. if they can get it through the Senate, which will be harder, then Biden can either veto it and we'll meet him in 24, or he can sign it and That'll prove the Republicans are doing the right thing. but if they do a series of things the American people want, they could have a very, very good two years. well, I would think, just on that point. I would think, and I don't know, you may or may not have heard the art Laffer interview a few moments ago, Arthur wants the GOP to really emphasize their stewardship of the growth economy, their stewardship of prosperity, which is a traditional issue. it's not the only issue, but it's a key issue. so, in terms of your big government, socialism going back, energy independence, uh, stop the massive spending. it led to the high inflation and the money printing. stop over regulating the economy. those are key points. it's going to be a nasty economy, Newt in all likelihood, you know, in a month's time, when the GOP takes power or whatever, it's going to be six or eight weeks time, you're still going to have the threat of recession and high inflation. so the GOP's got to act. Well look, look, as you know, you have a chairman of the Federal Reserve who has said publicly that he wants to get to at least six percent unemployment. now he, he didn't offer to give up his own job as part of that unemployment. but when you talk about doubling the rate of unemployment as a solution, you know the pain level is going to be substantial. and if they try to ring the liquidity out of the system, as you know, both in housing, uh, and in commodities, they're going to, they're going to have, some people have estimated a 25 to 35 percent drop in value. um, people are going to be very angry. and the party which emphasizes jobs and economic growth, right back to Ronald Reagan, back to Art Laffer, back to you, Jude Wanniski, Jack Kemp I mean, all of us had this fight in the late 70s and we said, you know there's a better solution. if you can increase the supply, you mop up the inflation because there's. you know so, if you get more gasoline, the price goes down. if you get more wheat and corn, the price goes down, and it's true across the whole system. and I think Republicans ought to be the party of economic growth and they should also be the party that dramatically expands uh manufacturing, both for the jobs and also for independence from China. I think it'll be enormously helpful to have that kind of approach. so I just think you Newt, I mean there's a lot of finger pointing and you know recriminations, that always happens when things don't go so well. but basically, the most important thing here is the GOP has is gonna take the house back and that is an unbelievable opportunity to do all the things that you're talking about. I mean, to me that is like the number one issue. okay, we have a certain disappointment, we didn't get both houses, blah, blah. I understand that there's a million reasons why there's a million reasons why not, etc. etc. but look where they are. they can take the house and use that as their opportunity. it could be the opportunities of a lifetime. really, look, I I wrote a newsletter at the English 360 where I said the biggest single moment is transferring the speakership because, as, as uh Matt Lecar who works for Kevin said, you know, they don't make a small gavel and a medium gavel. and a big gavel there's only one gavel and when you transfer that gavel, whether the guys you know, whether the new speaker has 222 votes or 242 votes, you have transferred the power to recognize, the power to schedule, the power to have committee chairs, the power of Investigation. all of that's going to change on January 3rd and, frankly, it's going to be worth the price of admission. to see Nancy Pelosi, if she's still there, and I think she may not be, but if she is still there, to watch Nancy hand that gavel over to Kevin is is a huge change of power, just as it was, you'll remember, back in 94 when we, for the first time in 40 years, took a majority. so I I really felt and I campaigned with Kevin the last three days before the election. and I watched him work, crowd after crowd. he'd raised 480 million dollars. he has grown the party. in two consecutive elections they've gained seats. he's gone out and recruited veterans, minorities, women, and I think this is going to be a very Dynamic membership and frankly, it's, I think, going to be very, very interesting. that's, you know, that's what I'm trying to get folks to focus on, just all the things you just said. it doesn't matter, it's not a small gavel or a medium gavel, it's a gavel and it's, uh, the the margins. you can do a lot with a small margin, etc. etc. that's why I don't think people should go off the deep end. that's why I'm growing bored with all the recriminations and whatnot. let's just move on. look at this opportunity. that's what you're saying, that's what Laffer said a few moments ago. look at this opportunity. let us be optimist about it Newt. optimists, what the country needs, well, a dose of optimism right now. I'll give you the last word. well to say. and if you add to that electing Herschel Walker in this runoff, ah, then you get back to to, to a division of power in the Senate. that's enormously important. there's a big difference between being power sharing with 50, 50 and being in the minority with 49. so don't that. that's one more shot here at us getting back on offense, and if Herschel can win, it will be a big difference. all right, well, said Newt Gingrich. we need to hear that. we need to hear that from someone who's been through it, and we thank you. let's take out big government socialism. you coined it. I've gone with it for six, eight, ten months. now's our chance. anyway, Newt Gingrich terrific stuff. thanks, ever so much.